README.md, before:

Tor zur Ostsee
==============
Tor zur Ostsee (Gate to Baltic Sea) is a joint project of [ITM](http://www.itm.uni-luebeck.de/ "Homepage Institute of Telematics") and [TraDaV](http://www.tradav.de/ "Homepage TraDaV") which is realized in the context of Lübeck's election to the German [City of Science 2012](http://www.hanse-trifft-humboldt.de/ "Homepage City of Science 2012").

Functionality
-------------
We created a small web application which displays the current status and position of ships around Lübeck.

It relies on [AIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_Identification_System "WP article about AIS") data which is provided by the company [Vesseltracker](http://www.vesseltracker.com/ "Homepage Vesseltracker").


Screenshot of the application:

<a href="https://github.com/itm/Tor-zur-Ostsee/raw/master/img/screenshot.jpg"><img src="https://github.com/itm/Tor-zur-Ostsee/raw/master/img/screenshot.jpg" width="463" height="256" alt="application screenshot"></a>


Origin
-------

Our web application is strongly inspired by [MarineTraffic.com](http://marinetraffic.com/ais/de/default.aspx "Homepage MarineTraffic") which is a project aiming to provide a world wide live ship map based on AIS data.

Usage
------
Due to the contract with our provider of AIS data we may not publicise the actual data. A complete installation of the system will be shown in Lübeck in 2012.

We aim to also include free AIS data sources in the application. Stay tuned ;-)

Libraries and Tools
-------------------
In this project the following libraries are used:

[YUI2](http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yui2/)

[jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

[jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com/)

[iphone-style-checkboxes](https://github.com/tdreyno/iphone-style-checkboxes)

[Google Maps API V3](http://code.google.com/apis/maps/index.html)

[jQuery fancyBox 1.3.4](http://fancybox.net/)

The ship icons are taken from the [mapicons collection](http://mapicons.nicolasmollet.com/?s=boat) (some where modified/created by us)

The Google Maps custom markers have been created with [Google Map Custom Marker Maker](http://www.powerhut.co.uk/googlemaps/custom_markers.php)

Commit message:

Readme.md file updated to reflect the changes in config file handling.

README.md, after:

Tor zur Ostsee
==============
Tor zur Ostsee (Gate to Baltic Sea) is a joint project of [ITM](http://www.itm.uni-luebeck.de/ "Homepage Institute of Telematics") and [TraDaV](http://www.tradav.de/ "Homepage TraDaV") which is realized in the context of Lübeck's election to the German [City of Science 2012](http://www.hanse-trifft-humboldt.de/ "Homepage City of Science 2012").

Functionality
-------------
We created a small web application which displays the current status and position of ships around Lübeck.

It relies on [AIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_Identification_System "WP article about AIS") data which is provided by the company [Vesseltracker](http://www.vesseltracker.com/ "Homepage Vesseltracker").


Screenshot of the application:

<a href="https://github.com/itm/Tor-zur-Ostsee/raw/master/img/screenshot.jpg"><img src="https://github.com/itm/Tor-zur-Ostsee/raw/master/img/screenshot.jpg" width="463" height="256" alt="application screenshot"></a>


Origin
-------

Our web application is strongly inspired by [MarineTraffic.com](http://marinetraffic.com/ais/de/default.aspx "Homepage MarineTraffic") which is a project aiming to provide a world wide live ship map based on AIS data.

Usage
------

Before you run the application, make sure that you create a configuration file named 'config.js' in folder '/js/.
For your convenience, we added a default configuration file '/js/config.js.default' which may be used as basis.

Due to the contract with our provider of AIS data we may not publicise the actual data. A complete installation of the system will be shown in Lübeck in 2012.

We aim to also include free AIS data sources in the application. Stay tuned ;-)

Libraries and Tools
-------------------
In this project the following libraries are used:

[YUI2](http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yui2/)

[jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

[jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com/)

[iphone-style-checkboxes](https://github.com/tdreyno/iphone-style-checkboxes)

[Google Maps API V3](http://code.google.com/apis/maps/index.html)

[jQuery fancyBox 1.3.4](http://fancybox.net/)

The ship icons are taken from the [mapicons collection](http://mapicons.nicolasmollet.com/?s=boat) (some where modified/created by us)

The Google Maps custom markers have been created with [Google Map Custom Marker Maker](http://www.powerhut.co.uk/googlemaps/custom_markers.php)
